c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\ActorModel.dll
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Akka.dll
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\ActorModel.pdb
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Akka.xml
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Akka.Remote.dll
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Google.ProtocolBuffers.dll
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Google.ProtocolBuffers.Serialization.dll
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Helios.dll
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Akka.Remote.xml
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Google.ProtocolBuffers.xml
c:\users\marcovm\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DistributedProcess\Client\bin\Debug\Google.ProtocolBuffers.Serialization.xml
